well good afternoon and greetings from
Saks gourmet world headquarters here at
the birthplace of jazz New Orleans and
I'm Steve Goodson president Camery of
the board and also the guy who has to
take out the trash and watch the dog
here at sex gourmet products today we
got one of my running partners longtime
customer for like 15 years came all the
way down from the frozen north country
of Canada all the way from Montreal to
pick up a new super 400 and that's my
longtime buddy Chris Savage and Chris is
going to walk you through all the
features of the super 400 now Chris you
know I know you've got a bunch of cell
immers you've had some old Yamaha so
particularly 61's some of the great
horns a bunch of other stuff and I also
know you're damn picky about your
saxophones when you first picked it up
what do you think blown away intonation
bang on it's got a really nice I could
get my chops into it right there well
we're gonna see about that in just a few
minutes one of the things we tried to do
with this super 400 is fix it where the
player Josh doesn't have to work so hard
quit correcting you know we own the
upper stack you know that speaker key
that we've got you know you don't have
to have so much throat action now I
think that's a great thing we tried to
make the key work fit on where you can
play nice and quickly smoothly but the
next and of course their tunics with
this horn you're playing the number one
neck now um but the two necks give
instant response not quick response
instant response
on any other thoughts about you know the
look the feel arm you know just the well
if you got nothing to say damn it Chris
let's hear the horn do we go alright
I have to play a lot of stuff between
rhythm and blues and jazz and this is
such a great crossover horn it gives me
the punch I need when I need to really
step on it and I can get nice and somber
and soft play balance as well as do all
the fast stuff that I need to play it
delivers men you've made me proud
so from sax Rohmer world headquarters
with from the frozen north chris savage
and his new super 400 this is Steve
Judson reminding you to practice long
tones every day and remember to keep
your read wet goodbye for now